Update tpac.md (#379)
w3c/Guide: meetings/tpac.md

The goal of group meetings during a W3C TPAC (Technical Plenary & Advisory Committee) is to gather the community together, to create momentum and collective brainstorming around challenges faced by the web. The technical plenary is a set of collaborative meetings, bringing together W3C technical groups, the Advisory Board (AB), the Technical Architecture Group (TAG) and the Advisory Committee (AC) for exciting, coordinated work. The benefit of assembling the community for thought-provoking discussions is invaluable.

> While W3C groups meet throughout the year in a variety of ways (teleconference, F2F), the annual TPAC plays a unique and special role in the annual calendar of a group. What sets these meetings apart is that by having the group together for 2 days (and also adjacent to many other groups), the group can get done that which it cannot normally do.

Author: Sounds good to me!

## TPAC generic advice {#advice}

> 1. Your meeting will be added to the [W3C Calendar of the group](https://www.w3.org/blog/2021/group-calendaring-service-enters-beta-test/) as part of the main TPAC event. Make sure you add to the entry the agenda and any relevant materials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Your meeting will be added to the [W3C Calendar of the group](https://www.w3.org/blog/2021/group-calendaring-service-enters-beta-test/) as part of the main TPAC event. Make sure you add to the entry the agenda and any relevant materials!
```

1. A hybrid meeting is one where some attendees participate in-person and others from remote locations (see [dealing with timezones](organize.md)).
1. See our [considerations regarding Zoom](zoom.md), including recordings and automated meeting transcripts.

> 1. If you plan to record a presentation, please do it in advance. Ask the events team for assistance if needed but try to give them 2 weeks lead time. See our [recording tips](https://www.w3.org/wiki/Virtual_Presentations).

Reviewer 2: Building on the above, I don't think we should be pushing too much on recordings, given how presentations are indeed authored at the last minute. It's still good guidance to encourage people to provide recordings, but we should acknowledge that it's not going to happen much.

It would make more sense to me to insist on providing (draft) slidedecks and other presentation materials prior to the meeting, which we only indirectly do here.

I'm also wondering what assistance the events team would be able to provide. Recordings were core to TPAC in 2021 when the event was a purely virtual one. That's no longer the case and I'm not sure the events team would have the bandwidth to deal with requests to process recordings in practice, given how busy the team is right before TPAC in particular. We don't really provide a "recording handling" service for now either.

```suggestion
1. If you plan to offer a presentation, please provide links to any slidedeck and other presentation materials as early as possible prior to the meeting, so that local and remote participants may get prepared for the discussion. If possible, it is also best to have these presentation materials available for projection during Q&A sessions during or after the main presentation, and for inclusion within meeting minutes (see [embedding slides](https://w3c.github.io/scribe2/scribedoc.html#slides) if the group takes minutes on IRC).
1. Similarly, please consider recording your presentation and sharing with the group prior to the meeting, along with captions and a transcript. See our [recording tips](https://www.w3.org/wiki/Virtual_Presentations).
```

> 1. If you plan to record a presentation, please do it in advance. Ask the events team for assistance if needed but try to give them 2 weeks lead time. See our [recording tips](https://www.w3.org/wiki/Virtual_Presentations).

Author: Good changes.
I have no idea how to merge everything back in the original document; please proceed when you're happy.
